as many of you are already aware I just
recently posted a video about the Pope
sitting in a white throne with a chair
of them on each side of his throne
proving he is claiming to be a God on
earth just as prophecy said the Roman
Catholic popes would do you can see this
video at John 14:29 org what most fail
to realize about the Roman Catholic
religion is their statement of faith is
over 85 percent pagan doctrine take for
example their dogmatic statements
claiming Mary the mother of Jesus to be
the Queen of Heaven in Jeremiah chapter
7 we read the following about how pagans
provoked the god of creation to anger it
says in Jeremiah 718 that the children
gather wood and the father's Kindle the
fire and then women need their dough to
make cakes to the Queen of Heaven and to
pour out drink offerings out to other
gods that they may provoke me to anger
it also says in Jeremiah 44 19 when
speaking of the pagans that when we
burned incense to the Queen of Heaven
and poured out drink offerings on to her
did we make her cakes to worship her and
pour out drink offerings out to her
without our men just as pagans of all
did for their Queen of Heaven the Roman
Catholic Church today makes small cakes
for Mary they burn incense to her they
place drink offerings under her statues
and even performed vows to her as
Jeremiah 44:25 said pagans did to their
Queen of Heaven it is easy to see Mary
is in fact worshipped as a God in the
Roman Catholic Church to further prove
this is fact notice the following
picture found on a mainstream Roman
Catholic website of a monstrance that
was set up in a Roman Catholic Church in
Chicago now notice the throne she is
sitting at yes it does represent the
crescent moon of Islam here and that can
be a whole nother video all onto itself
but suffice it to say she is sitting on
it and it is white also notice the two
cherubim on either side of that throne
thousands of years ago the prophet
Isaiah stated the following words o Lord
of Hosts God of Israel that dwellest
between the cherubims thou art the God
even thou alone of all the kingdoms of
the earth thou has made heaven
earth it's of course Isaiah 37 16 in
Revelation 20 verse 11 when John is
describing what he sees in vision
regarding God he says I saw a great
white throne and him that sat on it our
God sits upon his white throne and he
has two cherubim sitting on either side
of him
now look at this picture of an artist's
rendering of the biblical Ark of the
Covenant noticed the cherubim on either
side of the Shekinah glory which is this
artist's rendering of the presence of
God himself as he resided in the most
holy place on earth thousands of years
ago noticed how the Shekinah glory is
slightly above the cherubim also notice
the Ark of the Covenant itself that is
covered in gold it is overwhelmingly
apparent here that the Roman Catholic
Church is doing all they can to portray
Mary as the God of the Roman Catholic
people in fact on May 7th 1997 Pope John
Paul the second not only dedicated his
general audience to Mary he declared and
I quote it is possible to understand the
authentic meaning of Marian worship in
the ecclesiastical community which
furthermore is based on the will of
Christ he also stated in the same
address that all Christians should make
room for Mary in their daily lives
acknowledging her providential role in
the path of salvation Pope Benedict the
15th said all those who seek Mary's
protection will be saved for all
eternity Pope Pius the 11th in 1935 in a
prayer to close a Jubilee is where we
actually find the first use of the word
co-redemptrix by a pope he said o mother
of love and mercy who when thy sweetest
son was consummating the redemption of
the human race on the altar of the Cross
didst stand next to him suffering with
him as a co-redemptrix and once again
john paul ii said in 1980 that by being
assumed into heaven
she continues to obtain for us the grace
of eternal salvation
truth is the ancient Queen of Heaven in
Jeremiah in the Roman Catholic Queen of
Heaven had the exact same pagan goddess
that angered the creator GAD in the past
to verify this as fact visit the webpage
you see on your screen right now for
much more information on this the roman
catholic vatican is indeed the
prophesied house of the antichrist
please let every Roman Catholic you know
their leaders are lying to them if they
are truly doing the best they can to
please the Lord as revelation 18
declares many of the Roman Catholics are
warned them of the eternal danger that
they're in if you would like more
information on how to help the Roman
Catholics come home to Christ and leave
the house of Antichrist
yes prophesy declares many of them will
in these last days please visit remnant
of god dot org thank you for watching
god bless